docs: clarify usage of `output` column generated by the exporter (#618)
DeepRank/deeprank2: docs/getstarted.md

The dataframes contain `phase`, `epoch`, `entry`, `output`, `target`, and `loss` columns, and can be easily used to visualize the results.

> For classification tasks, the `output` column contains the results from a [softmax function](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/generated/torch.nn.functional.softmax.html). This means each entry in the `output` column is a list with one element for each class. Each element represents the probability of that class occurring.

Reviewer: I would simplify this a bit. Maybe also add a comment on what the order of the list is?

```suggestion
For classification tasks, the `output` column contains a list of probabilities that each class occurs. For more details, please see documentation on the [softmax function](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/generated/torch.nn.functional.softmax.html)
```
